all right so you've watched a whole
bunch of iPhone 11 videos and you're
seeing all the cool innovation that
Apple brought this year they got some
cool knotch displays some nice lightning
ports it's all very exciting stuff but
can your iPhone 11 do this so this is a
video on what I think is true innovation
this is the fixed galaxy fold and I
think this is going to be one of the
most innovative phones we see of all of
2019 this is the fixed version they
tweaked a couple things they added some
plastic tabs to prevent dust from
getting in on the sides here and they've
also tucked the plastic surfaced sheet
underneath the trim just so you can't
peel it off and they've tightened up the
gap on the spine just to minimize the
amount of dust that can get into this
device so this video is gonna be a
conversation about just the whole idea
of foldable phones this isn't gonna just
be like a piece or a rattle off the
features and stuff with the same because
I feel like that's been done a thousand
times I've used this for a week at this
point and I feel like there's just stuff
I gotta share with you guys so okay
let's start with the crease the crease
isn't the most important thing but this
was something that I was concerned about
before so when I first played with this
device with Lou from unbox therapy I
remember going to that studio and just
being really tunnel visioned on the
crease because I think media at that
point had really just brought attention
to the fact that there was a crease on
the galaxy fold but this time around
because it kind of expected it to be
there it wasn't nearly as noticeable for
me my brain just kind of tuned it out I
do think for some people like even for
the entire ownership of this device they
may focus on the crease but I think for
most people that just learn to ignore it
I do think though that for Samsung is
like marketing team and sales teams it
will be very difficult to convince
people that this crease isn't a big
issue like the very first time you see
this your brain just thinks there's no
way you're gonna learn to ignore that
but I think for most people they will
okay enough about the crease I want to
talk about usability this is probably
the most important discussion to be had
about folding phones during Samsung's
presentation I remember them showcasing
the usability of multitasking it was a
thing that they tried to showcase as one
of the main features of a foldable phone
now having used this for a little bit
it is very capable of multitasking sure
but I think
issue comes with just the manipulation
the constant manipulation of the windows
and panels like when you use your phone
you don't to set up a layout each time
you do something different like on a
desktop or a laptop there are shortcuts
right use kind of like open windows
maximize them minimize them and it's
very quick to kind of set things up
around on a phone it's all through your
finger like you're constantly
manipulating and moving the panel's left
and right it is not a particularly fluid
experience I think what most people will
gravitate towards is just using the
phone with a large screen and it is a
really nice experience with that large
screen but I don't think people will be
multitasking as much as they'd like to
now the large screen experience
is excellent for like browsing the web
or reading books looking at spreadsheets
texting emails like anything that can
take advantage of a large screen and
that's a lot of things is great on such
a large display but the one thing I
thought it would be really good for me
Deakin sumption it actually isn't all
that good because of the aspect ratio so
like most videos and stuff will just
take up a portion of this display a lot
of the screen real estate is just not
all that useful when it comes to modern
video formats and it's not terrible like
obviously you can fill up that negative
space with something else like you could
look at i'll read it while you're
watching a youtube video but it's not a
better media consumption device just
because of this larger screen the one
thing that it's excellent for like
straight-up excellent for is gaming I'm
not a huge mobile gamer but having
played a few games on this thing it's a
very different experience to play on
such a large screen compared to
something like a phone and I would even
consider to be a better game experience
than a lot of tablets just because of
the particular size of this thing so
normally on a regular phone it doesn't
matter if it's a gaming phone or not
your hand covers the vast majority of
the screen like your fingers are on the
screen and just gets in the way of
whatever game you're playing on this
device it's something else it's just a
way better experience the screen is
bigger so you're just seeing stuff in
more detail your fingers are off the
main area of the display and it's cool
it's just a really fun gaming experience
now I will say that for developers they
do need to tweak their games to really
optimize the use of a folding screen
like this so as an example in vainglory
I'm seeing less of the game terrain on
this big screen than I would on a more
rectangular display but the overall
gaming experience is just awesome on a
galaxy fold however most people who are
playing mobile games are not going to
dropping two thousand US dollars on
iphone and I think that is probably the
sore spot when it comes to this device
the fact that it is a two thousand
dollar smartphone it is really expensive
to the point of opening it up to attack
just because of its price tag now I got
to be honest I feel like for Samsung
they have to price it at this ridiculous
price point right now they have to like
no self-respecting company would make
one of the world's first foldable phones
like this is crazy innovative stuff and
sell it for anything less than that
because they want to keep this thing as
a high margin product right now this two
thousand dollar phone is meant for the
person who can easily and comfortably
unwillingly drop two thousand dollars on
a phone this year and then just replace
it next year with another two thousand
dollar phone and maybe it'll be like the
generation 2 of the Galaxy fold so
there's people out there they have that
kind of money
samsung knows it that's why they're
charging this kind of money because
that's who this phone is for not for us
okay I kind of want to wrap up this
video with kind of a step back from this
whole thing so the current market right
now in smartphones is just filled with
stale options we have bigger notches
here smaller notches they're an extra
camera here it's all minutia and for a
company like Samsung to make something
that's truly innovative to make
something that's just fundamentally
different from everything out there is
cool like it's far from perfect I think
the average user would just not enjoy
this phone in its current state
regardless of his price tag it's just
it's not it's not refined but this is
like step one and sometimes I see in the
comments not even sometimes quite often
I feel like people want to see this fail
people want to see Samsung crash and
burn on a products like this like are
you kidding me you want this thing to
crush it you want it to be super
successful so that we can get a $500
version of this in a few years like that
would be the best-case scenario but if
this was $500 would you buy it like if
foldable phones were the same price as a
regular phone would you actually prefer
over regular phones that are lighter and
easier to hold I'm curious what you
think okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs would
be love to see you guys next time